Is your name Google? Because you have everything I’ve been searching for.
Do you have a map? Because I just got lost in your eyes.
If I were a cat, I'd spend all nine lives with you.
Can I follow you home? Cause my parents always told me to follow my dreams.
Do you have a Band-Aid? I just scraped my knee falling for you.
Are you a magician? Because every time I look at you, everyone else disappears.
Are you an alien? Because you just abducted my heart.
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again?
Are you a bank loan? Because you have my interest.
Excuse me, but I think you dropped something: my jaw.
If you were a vegetable, you'd be a cute-cumber.
You must be a ninja because you snuck up and stole my heart.
Is your dad a baker? Because you're a cutie pie.
Is your name Ariel? Because we mermaid for each other.
I must be lost because heaven is a long way from here.
I don't have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out?
Can I borrow a quarter? I want to call my mum and tell her I just met the man/woman of my dreams.
Do you have a sunburn or are you always this hot?
Are you a beaver? Because daaaaaaaaam.
Can I take a picture of you so I can show Santa what I want for Christmas?
Excuse me, do you have a name? Or can I call you mine?
Do you believe in love at first swipe?
Is your name Wi-Fi? Because I'm really feeling a connection.
You must be a Snickers bar because you satisfy me.
Are you from Tennessee? Because you're the only 10 I see.
Are you made of copper and tellurium? Because you're CuTe.
Can I take your picture? I want Santa to know what I want for Christmas.
Excuse me, can you tell me what time it is? I need to remember the exact moment I met the love of my life.
Do you have a map? Because I just got lost in your eyes.
You must be a magician because every time I look at you, everyone else disappears.
Do you have a Band-Aid? Because I just hurt my knee falling for you.
Can I buy you a drink or do you just want the money?
Do you have a sunburn, or are you always this hot?
You're so beautiful, you made me forget my pick-up line.
I'm not a photographer, but I can definitely picture us together.
Are you a parking ticket? Because you've got FINE written all over you.
You must be a shooting star because you light up my life.
You must be a thief because you just stole my heart.
Is your name Angel? Because you must have fallen from heaven.
I'm not a genie, but I can make your dreams come true.
Do you have a name, or can I call you mine?
Are you a Star Wars fan? Because Yoda one for me.
If your left leg was Thanksgiving and your right leg was Christmas, I'd visit you between the seasons.
TAKE A LOOK AT MY CANVA DESIGN 🗣️
I'm suing Spotify for not including you in the hottest singles of the week list.
I want to take you to the movies, but they don't let you bring your own snack.
Are you a toaster? Because a bath with you would send me straight to heaven.
Are you the trash? Because my mum wants me to take you out.